6;false;fiction;/Icons/Warcraft-TheSunwellTrilogy.jpg;Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy;Richard A. Knaak;
7;false;fiction;/Icons/Warcraft-Archive.jpg;Warcraft: Archive;Richard A. Knaak;
1;false;programming;/Icons/HeadFirstDesignPatterns.jpg;Design Patterns;HeadFirst;A great book, but a childish approach. This was one of the first books handed to me that I found interesting. But due to it lengthy writing style, after some time, I started to skim through it. Not a book I would recommend.
4;false;programming;/Icons/DesigningDistributedSystems.jpg;Designing distributed systems;O'Reilly;
5;false;softskills;/Icons/10-suc-com.jpg;10 tips for successful communication;ICM;
5;false;softskills;/Icons/10-dev-tal.jpg;10 tips to further your talent;ICM;
6;false;softskills;/Icons/10-att-emp.jpg;10 tips to stay attractive as employee;ICM;
5;false;softskills;/Icons/10-opt-tim.jpg;10 tips for optimizing time;ICM;
10;true;philosophy;/Icons/12-rules-for-life.jpg;12 rules for life;Jordan B. Peterson;This amazing book changed my life for the better. It started my hunger for knowledge and renewed my vigor for developing my skills.
6;false;programming;/Icons/CleanCode.jpg;Clean Code;Robert C. Martin;The first book I've read on coding. Kind of amazing that it took me about 8 years practicing my profession before studying it. This book gives some insights and discussions regarding why you should spend a tad more time on your code than just 'getting the job done'.
4;false;softskills;/Icons/10-pos-inf.jpg;10 tips for positive influence;ICM;
8;true;programming;/Icons/TheCleanCoder.jpg;The Clean Coder;Robert C. Martin;This amazing short book has given me new insights on how to look at my passion. Programming is not simply something I do for my employer, but it is my profession. It is something I own and am responsible of. My expertise makes me a valuable employee and my responsibility is to own my profession on the job. At work, I preform, at home, I sharpen my skill.
6;false;programming;/Icons/CleanArchitecture.jpg;Clean Architecture;Robert C. Martin;
4;false;softskills;/Icons/EssentialKanbanCondensed.jpg;Essential Kanban Condensed;Anderson & Carmickael;
7;false;softskills;/Icons/SCRUM.jpg;SCRUM - The art of doing twice the work in half the time;Jeff Sutherland;This book didn't inspire me as much to get into SCRUM as much as it gave me insight into stories of how cohesive teams cooperate and make great software. Ever since reading this book I've felt a drive change myself to become one of those team members described in these stories. Inspirational, creative and above all free to find positive solutions beter than solutions thought up yesterday.
5;false;softskills;/Icons/TheMythicalManMonth.jpg;The mythical man-month;Fredrick brooks;Quite an interesting book to say the least. Mostly gave me insight into how development teams back in the day were fastly different from today. Hardware and software were developed hand in hand where today both are more generic. Also, today, to be a software engineer, less expertise is required to get started. For better... or for worse.
6;false;programming;/Icons/OODesignPatterns.jpg;Design Patterns - Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented software;The gang of four;A fun little book to get some insight in some of the building blocks used on OOP. Though I'd say not all are relevant todays day-to-day development. But still a fun read, and trying them out opened my mind for what OO ought to be.
7;false;softskills;/Icons/TheCoachingHabit.jpg;The coaching habit;Michael Bungay Stanier;This book made me realise that there is helping, and 'helping. Helping, like we usually do, happens by sharing the work load or burden. While coaching is keeping the 'problem' with the person you are coaching, and helping them think. Make them reach new conclusions or solutions on their own without you interfering in their growth.
5;false;literature;/Icons/AVSI-WW1.jpg;The first world war : A very short introduction;Michael Howard;
5;false;programming;/Icons/DDDD.jpg;Domain driven design distilled;Vaughn Vernon;
10;true;programming;/Icons/DDD.jpg;Domain driven design;Eric Evans;One of the most inspiring books I've read. I've never realised that the subject, or 'domain' I program in requires a different skill set to learn and understand than programming. This book opened up my eyes to a wonderful world of design and information gathering and processing. This book is a gem!
7;false;literature;/Icons/BriefAnswersToTheBigQuestions.png;Brief answers to the big questions;Stephen Hawking;
5;false;programming;/Icons/Refactoring.jpg;Refactoring 2nd edition;Martin Fowler;
5;false;programming;/Icons/POSA1.jpg;Pattern - Oriented software architecture Volume 1;FrankBuschmann;
5;false;programming;/Icons/APPP.jpg;Agile principles patterns and practices in C#;Robert C. Martin;
9;true;literature;/Icons/AnimalFarm.jpg;Animal Farm;George Orwell;An amazing book, not much else to say about it. You are reading two stories in one, while reading this somewhat kiddy book about a farm of talking animals, its entirety is a metaphor for what happened during the soviet union. I loved reading the story, and imagion what the people the animals represented actually experienced.
7;false;philosophy;/Icons/PlatoSymp.jpg;Plato’s symposium;Seth Benardete;The story made me think about what drives the human spirit. And I think the story has a fair point that striving for immortality through some meaning has a fair point. I always saw that as finding immortality through children. But an idea (like in V for Vendetta) is a child of the mind. In the long run, if the idea impacts people and changes them... I think that is also a beautiful thing to leave behind.
8;true;softskills;/Icons/Peopleware.jpg;Peopleware – Productive projects and teams – Third edition;Tom Demarco & Timothy Lister;What an amazing book, its a study about human behaviour in the workplace and how we seem to have distanced ourselfs from what we need as humans to work effectively, and what we 'think' works effectively. This book has made me realise that eventhough the team or managers might want me to work in a certain setting or a certain way, I need to stay true to who I am, because in that comfort I am effective.
8;false;literature;/Icons/Sapians.jpg;Sapians;Yuval Noah Harari;A very inspiring book about the history of man kind. A true feel of 'what our kind went through to get where we are'. It also helps understand why we seem so divided. As we grew and spread across the world we also grew differently for survivability. Not only through different environments but also time, technology and philosophy.
8;true;programming;/Icons/CleanAgile.jpg;Clean Agile;Robert C. Martin;Wonderful! I've read a few books and many literature online about agile, but I've never really had quite a book put it to light such as this one. Agile, made to bridge the gap between development and non-development and help optimize interactions and expectations. Like Robert says: the current implementation is far from what Agile intended to be. It seems to be more a 'tool of enforcement' rather than a tool that helps facilitate greater result through clear communication.
6;false;softskills;/Icons/ImpactMapping.jpg;Impact Mapping;Gojko Adzic;This small book contains a truely amazing perspective of how to map out the product you are developing. I'm sad that I have not been able to put it to practice. But the concept is so simple, it is amazing I have not seen it used as it gives a feeling of involvement, transparancy and clairvoyance.
9;true;literature;/Icons/BraveNewWorld.jpg;Brave new World;Aldous Huxley;What an adventure! With an unexpected and very deeply philosophical chapter near the end. I had no idea books could be this amazing. I want more like this!
8;true;softskills;/Icons/7Habits.jpg;The 7 habits of highly effective people;Stephen R. Covey;This book, like 12 rules for live I've read last year is amazing. It gives a whole new depth to self improvement and how you can help yourself become a better you. Truely methods to give yourself more control over who you are, and who you want to become.
7;false;programming;/Icons/70483.jpg;Programming in C# Exam Ref 70-483 Second Edition;Rob Miles;
10;true;programming;/Icons/DesigningSoftwareArchitectures.jpg;Designing software architectures;Humberto Cervantes & Rick Kazman;Attribute oriented design. I never quite understood what the difference was between software architecture and software design. This book has made that quite clear. The methods it describes to achieve this information, and what to do with it is quite insightful. As someone aspiring to be an architect, this book has given me much needed information and inspiration.
8;false;fiction;/Icons/Warcraft-WarOfTheAncientsArchive.jpg;Warcraft: War of the ancients archive;Richard A. Knaak;
4;false;softskills;/Icons/ThePassionateProgrammer.jpg;The passionate programmer;Chad Fowler;This book is much like what Robert C. Martin says in his books, but I think Robert C. Martin says it better
5;false;programming;/Icons/LegacyCode.jpg;Working effectively with legacy code;Michael Feathers;The most valuable thing I got from this book, is that I now realise that all code prone to be Legacy Code, and 'new projects' which are seen as fun and 'maintaining old code' is seen as not fun. But I now realise that It is much more probably that I'll have to work with 'old' code, and I think I've now found a way to see that as a fun challange instead of a uphill battle. I think I've read this book too late in my programming career. I think this would have been a great book to start out with. Would definitely recommand this to novice programmers, but not so much to seniors. In and of itself still a great book with wonderful insights and tips and tricks to make day-to-day work more insightful.
5;false;literature;/Icons/BobbyChess.jpg;Bobby Fischer teaches chess;Bobby Fischer;
7;false;programming;/Icons/C8.jpg;C# 8.0 Pocket reference;Joseph & Ben Albahari;This is the first time I read anything about the language I've worked in since I've started my career in software development. I kind of feel ashamed that it took me this long to realise it might be good to read up it. This is a very well explained and short book to give an insight into the general works and feel of the language. And has helped me allot in understanding what happens underneath the covers.
9;true;programming;/Icons/ElegantObjects1.jpg;Elegant Objects Vol 1;Yegor Bugayenko;If you want to get your mind blown. Read this. I never really thought 'I had a good graps on OOP', I thought I did, but there were always flaws. Either I could not get my code SRP, or OCP, or some other principle. Or the objects didn't really make sense in some way. But this book... this book changed that. I would recommend EVERYONE, who uses an OOP language and is interested in actually thinking OOP, to read this.
10;true;softskills;/Icons/Quiet.jpg;Quiet;Susan Cain;For as long as I can remember I am not comfortable with how I function and my temperament. This book has given me huge amounts of information and things to think about on the intricacies of how introverts come to be, and how to grow up in this modern world. I am a huge introvert, so this book speaks allot to me. I think this book will help me take a step in the right direction on being a better, and especially more happy, 'me'.
7;false;programming;/Icons/ElegantObjects2.jpg;Elegant Objects Vol 2;Yegor Bugayenko;Vol 1 was very inspirational, Vol 2 continues the debate started in Vol 1 and gives new insight into why and how. Though I think it is not as impactful as Vol 1, it does give the discussion more body.
9;true;literature;/Icons/1984.jpg;1984;George Orwell;It's a scary book, very scary if you truly try to envision what a world like 1984 would be like to live in. And, that some of the aspects of the world described in this book actually either exist or are very near coming into existence. 
7;false;fiction;/Icons/Warcraft-Chronicle Vol1.jpg;World of warcraft: Chronicle. Vol 1;Chris Metzen;
6;false;literature;/Icons/TheOldManAndTheSea.jpg;The old man and the sea;Ernest Hemingway;If you invest more than your 'normal' or 'comfortable' amount of time, skill and energy to procure something of great value, be prepared to guard it against the world if you have it out on display. If you lose it, it will require the same amount of investment again. The pain of loss scales with the investment, especially of you overindulge. Hone skills, acquire resources and invest wisely to reach your goals safely and repeatable if you value the goal. Reflect often if you do decide to invest if it is time to stop. Having invested does not mean you have to see it through to the end. It is stronger to accept 'defeat' than to risk everything.
8;false;programming;/Icons/Sql-nosql.jpg;NOSQL and SQL data modeling;Ted Hills;Eventhough a majority of the book is about data modeling, there are some interesting side concepts described on which data modeling is based. Like 'choosing more meaningful words' (which I also know from '12 rules for life'), and how software is an extension for hardware, by providing meaning to general purpose hardware.
6;false;literature;/Icons/AVSI-WW2.jpg;World war II : A very short introduction;Gerhard Weinberg;
9;true;philosophy;/Icons/Ego.jpg;Ego is the enemy;Ryan Holiday;Reading this book is quite a confrontation. It makes you think about the true underlying motivation in day to day actions, but most of al, "natural" responses to challenging situations. Not just challenges of skill, but also of character. This book has really put up a mirror infront of my face, and I will take this information with me for the rest of my life.
8;true;philosophy;/Icons/Obstacle.jpg;Obstacle is the way;Ryan Holiday;This is a very nice book that describes stoicism. It inspired me to write an essay (2021-01-15)
7;false;literature;/Icons/Corona.jpg;Corona vals alarm?;Sucharit Bhakdi, Karina Reiss;I think, to avoid any negativity on this topic, it is better to converse on this topic than to give my opinion through this one way medium. I think this is true for me, because politic and their implementation types, their views, and pandemics and the history thereof, is new to me. So my thoughts are not refined and as precise as I wish them to be. So in a dialog, it is possible to refine and evolve my thoughts, which I think is better than to formulate my thoughts in a slightly raw manner here and to have to maintain them across time.
9;true;philosophy;/Icons/Stillness.jpg;Stillness is the key;Ryan Holiday;Again an amazing book by Ryan Holiday. Having read his (so far) trilogy on aspects of life, I've come to realize that these books are a very good addition to your mental and physical well being if you have read 12 rules for life from Jordan Peterson. At least, this is how I experience it. Jordan Peterson's vision of life and the responsibilities you have to take as an individual Being places the round foundation, upon which the books of Ryan Holiday build a structure that give details on how to further progress yourself. Stillness is the key, might be one of those books that would help everyone in this modern age, I have come to realize that luckily I was walking the 'right path', but this book makes it just a tad cleaner and nicer. Especially the finishing chapter of his book 'On the final act' is not only about the ending of the book, but also life. Since death is the ultimale stillness, incorporate stillness in our day in order to prolong a happy and virtues life, instead of racing towards an unvolantary stillness.
8;false;literature;/Icons/Tegen_verkiezingen.jpg;Against elections (tegen verkiezingen);David Van Reybrouck;A fantastic book, the reason I give it both a 10 as well as recommend it, is because I think it gives a very in depth explanation about where decocratie came from, how it was implemented, how it grew over the ages, how we started to deviate from its original implemenation and an up to date implementation of how we can implement it againt in the modern age. It is so well writen that I do not have to say much myself, other than, please, read it yourself if you do not know much about democratie or are curious about why some think the (I think) arisocratie we implement to today is a democratie in disguise, ridled with fear and contempt. And I know most of us fear the 'stupid people among us' but acknowledging them, and feeding them both information and a sense of importance, I think, is a way to the future, instead of due to that fear giving the ruling powers to a select few (oligarchy) or a more skilled few (aristocratie) instead of the people (democratie). Little side note : oligarchy, oli = olígos (few), arkho = (rule/command), oligarchy = few that rule. Aristocracy: ἄριστος = Aristoc (best), κρατεῖν = kratos (rule/power), Aristocracy = best rule (my interpretation of that is: if you see yourself as a politition, you have made 'being electable' your occupation, thus being the "best" choice.), Democracy = Demos (people), Kratos (rule), Democracy = people rule.
7;false;literature;/Icons/Apollo.jpg;Apollo;Zack Scott;
9;false;philosophy;/Icons/Civilisationanditsdiscontents.jpg;Civilisation and its discontents;Sigmund Freud;This book taught me the following: suppressed emotions (he refers to 'drives') cause frustration | That civilisation is the embodiment of: restrictions on behaviour to make huge groups of people being able to work together possible, though these restrictions are internalized into the super-ego that inhibit the ego from acting, resulting in frustrations | That the external world, especially the authority and negative experiences, are internalized to the super-ego, that when super-ego (internal authority) and the ego (the self) are in constant battle for actual authority, this leads to frustration, even if this is only experienced unconsciously | Most importantly, that frustrations, especially but not only, experienced unconsiously leads to neurosis | --- I think the most important conclusion I would derive from this, is to dismantle the constant battle between the ego and the super-ego, so that energy can roam free... I can roam free. And I think the simplest (though not easiest) way to achieve this, is to listen to yourself, especially to your emotions, and act on them wisely, so to resolve them if they ask for it or face the consequences of them being added to your ego and super-ego, feeding the internal battle that will dissipate all life-force.
6;false;programming;/Icons/BlockchainBasics.jpg;Blockchain Basics;Daniel Drescher;I wonder if the assumption the designers made will hold up in the future. That the blockchains safegaurd is the assumption that no single person or entity will have the computational power to out match the moral nodes on the network to branch of a new trunk. Also, blockchain is append-only, meaning that its size will only increase (and allot quicker the more it catches on) which may not only cause an imbalance in how moral the nodes will stay, as (maybe) at some point, "smaller" nodes or nodes less ready to scale in disk size will fall off. Thus leaving only the well prepared or "bigger" nodes which will then gain more sway over the blockchain.
7;false;literature;/Icons/WMD.jpg;Weapons of Math Destruction;Cathy O'Neil;An algorithm disassociated from its domain of application can have ramifications. At the very least it might cause discussions where an argument like "That is too complex to explain" or "other people have thought about it" may arise. Which disassociates the person executing the result of the algorithm (and thus seeing it as an order from above) and writers (coders) who make the decision. The results of that situation are similar to Milgram's Experiments. I think those who let their judgement be guided by an algorithm's results should not disassociate the algorithm from its writers (coders) and should always stay open to feedback, or even a step further, I think those who wish to execute the results of an algorithm should confirm the results themselves and take further responsibility over its execution. So that dissociation can not occur as they will take feedback, responsibility (or blame) and are there to answer any questions.
7;false;literature;/Icons/HomoDeus.jpg;Homo Deus;Yuval Noah Harari;I find this a hard book to read, not because of the information, but because of the (to me) dystopian future it predicts following this new paradigm of "dataism". I think dataism is just one way amongst many to assign value to the world. And although much of its reasoning I can agree with, I still think it is just a paradigm, nothing more. Yes, I think evolution is a battle between algorithms given the ecosystem it inhabits. But I think within humans a new entity has formed that has become dominant on earth. Since the "enlightenment" homo-sapians didn't rise to be dominant, but our collective conciousness did. This collective conciousness has its own evolutionary battle, of which the strongest will win. Dataism is just a new contender on the battlefield of collective conciousness (paradigm of a person is a sub-set of the collective conciousness). I think most information given in the book is correct, but the conclusions seem short sighted. I think the information can be interpreted in many ways, yet this book only interprets them from a dataists point of view, at least that is what it seems like to me. And I wish to draw a parallel with a liberals point of view on interpreting data processing and algorithms, as I see liberals as short sighted and having this ever growing idea that life needs to be nothing but enjoyment, of pleasure (though I think that if suffering is one side of the coin, and pleasure is the other, by completly removing suffering, you destroy the coin). If you grow data processing while sacrificing everything else, its logical end is 0=0, stop the input, so no data processing power is required, also known as heat death. You can also draw a parallel to the hypothesis of the universe being a loop, where it starts with the big bang, expands (creating more information, 1=0?) then stops (processing power exceeding data creation, 1=~?) then retracts into a single point again (0=1?0=0?). So, in that sense, I think that is fine.
10;true;philosophy;/Icons/NoFucks.jpg;The subtle art of not giving a fuck;Mark Manson;A must read, its much like 12 rules for life by Jordan B. Peterson, just written differently, maybe a bit more accessible. It has brought them in a different way that made me realize new things about myself. For one it made me put in some effort to map out a problem that I've been experiencing my adult life, and I realized I've been acting vain, which he later refers to as entitled. Something I can agree with. The whole book is a set-up for the last chapter, which I think is wonderfully done. I will not spoil the last chapter by refering to its content, I would ruwn the book for you if I did. But it has made me think about my values in a different way, I am convinced that we are all subjugated to our paradigms, after having read this book it has given me new insight into that conviction. Because the paradigm is formed around how we wish to immortalize ourselves. (Something I've read before in Plato's symposium). So, I now see it as we are all acting in according to how we wish to be viewed (if at all) after we are no longer physically here. What ever your answer is to that question, the question: How do I wish to be remembered. Knowing the answer or not, is how you conduct yourself through life. So, knowning the answer to that question is getting a true sense of why you do things, and also a good realization that no one is implicitly out to get you or some other grand entitled interpretation. After a certain point in life, when someone is confronted with the fragility of their existence, they will start living according to how they wish to be remembered, and that is all there is to it.
7;false;programming;/Icons/C9.jpg;C# 9.0 Pocket reference; Joseph & Ben Albahari;I am loving the new record type, I think it is an execellent extension to what structs brought to the table.
8;true;philosophy;/Icons/Amusing.jpg;Amusing ourselves to death;Niel Postman;A book that discuses the prophecies of George Orwell's 1984 and Alduos Huxley's Brave new World. Which are two books I love, and would agree that: amusing can be seen as the opposite of suffering, and that in this binary one extreme is easily recognizable while the other is not, both extremes result in the same outcome. Though one more frightful than the other. It also makes me think about the different media and how I wish to utilize them. I've realized that I've already segregated the different media in my life to different activities. I cannot learn from audio/visual media, so that is reserved for entertainment only. I feel I can fully engage my mind when reading from a non-electronic device, so that is reserved for study. I feel I cannot engage in emotional or social discourse through electronic media, so that is reserved for oral conversation. But even within a generic media tool (the computer) multiple sub-media metaphors can take place. Like still text or live and non-live video that each has its own set of implications. I think, each media has its own ritual, and with that ritual comes a mindset that puts us in a mode that is good for something. For me, the ritual of shutting off the world and engaging in a physical book, puts me in the mindset that is efficient for learning, empathizing, understanding and imagining. Understanding these rituals and segregating my activities to suite them is what I take away from this book.
7;false;literature;/Icons/Madness.jpg;The madness of crowds;Douglas Murray;Love++
6;false;literature;/Icons/Opstand.jpg;Revolt in the polder (opstand in de polder);Bert Blase;I see a correlation between his proposal for a new approach for democracy, and the work methodology named Agile. Make teams approperiate for the task and give ownership to that team. I also see a colleration between his definition on how democracy should impose structure on scale, and the principle of seperating high-level and low-level code in programming. The correlation is that in software development, low-level code knows the 'how', and high-level code knows the 'why' (or the goal/purpose). In a political system, I would like this to be seen as: the EU gathering information about global trends and concludes we need to focus on our CO2 emission, but how this is achieved locally, is up to the locals. If the locals were to point fingers at locals in another region, they are not taking ownership on how they can contribute to the cause in their own way.
8;false;literature;/Icons/Machine.jpg;The machine that changed the world;James P. Womack, Daniel T. Jones, Daniel Roos;This book is both an analysis of the history of automation in the 1900s and the different organisational ideologies progressing through historical events of WWI, WWII and subsequent events of reformation of regions amongst others. I think along the way of researching why lean has and could develop in Japan, the researchers discovered much about sociology which may not be fine printed in the book, but the information is there if you wish to find it, this aspect, together with the learning of history of 'how we do business' is what I've found intriguing about this book.
7;false;philosophy;/Icons/BeyondOrder.jpg;Beyond Order;Jordan B. Peterson;At the start, I did not know what to expect of this book, the overture read completely different from the overture of the previous book: 12 rules for life. The rule titles are also not so catchy compared to those of the previous book. But having finished this book, I can read each title again and see why they were chosen. I did enjoy reading the previous book more than this book. If I recall my experience of the previous book correctly, It was written with easily accessible language and many illustrative stores, it did not feel as a response to anything specific, other than good will. Even though the overture and coda specifically state that Jordan made a valiant attempt to make the subject matter timeless, it does feel like the subjects themselves are in direct response to his experiences over the last couple of years since notoriety. Having said that, the subject matter is still of good advice and was definitely worth the read. Most directly for me: I have definitely started beautifying my home, and am already profoundly enjoying the fruits of my labor. And I am grateful to him for what he has changed in me with his words.
11;true;philosophy;/Icons/arthur.jpg;Er is geen vrouw die deugt;Arther Schopenhuaer;
8;true;literature;/Icons/ordinary-men.jpg;Ordinary men;Christopher R. Browning;
8;true;literature;/Icons/gedoe.jpg;Gedoe management;Frank Schurink;
7;false;literature;/Icons/norse.jpg;Norse Mythology;Neil Gaiman;
9;true;research;/Icons/immune.jpg;Immune;Philipp Dettmer;
8;false;literature;/Icons/flies.jpg;Lord of the flies;William Golding;
6;false;research;/Icons/understand.jpg;Please understand me 2;D. Keirsey;
4;false;literature;/Icons/transcendental.jpg;Transcendental Meditation;Jack Forem;
9;false;fiction;/Icons/cnc.jpg;Command and Conquer Tiberium Wars;Keith R. A. Decandido;
8;false;philosophy;/Icons/watercourseway.jpg;Tao The Watercourse Way;Alan Watts;
10;true;philosophy;/Icons/doors.jpg;The doors of perception & Heaven and hell;Aldous Huxley;
5;false;literature;/Icons/society.jpg;Society 4.0;Bob de Wit;
5;false;programming;/Icons/cop.jpg;Component-Oriented Programming;Andy Ju An Wang;
10;true;fiction;/Icons/alchemist.jpg;The alchemist;Paulo Coelho;
10;true;philosophy;/Icons/taoteching.jpg;Tao Te Ching;Professor Lao Tzu;
8;false;fiction;/Icons/striped.jpg;The boy in the striped pajamas;John Boyne;
8;true;literature;/Icons/prince.jpg;The prince;Niccolò Machiavelli;
8;true;philosophy;/Icons/socratessneakers.jpg;Socrates op sneakers;Elke Wiss;
6;false;programming;/Icons/kanban.jpg;Kanban in de praktijk;Sam laing & Karen Greaves;
7;false;programming;/Icons/scrum-in-actie.jpg;Scrum in actie;Petra de boer;
8;true;research;/Icons/art-of-sleeping.jpg;The art of sleeping;Rob Hobson;
9;true;research;/Icons/vet-belangrijk.jpg;VET belangrijk;Mariëtte Boon & Liesbeth van Rossum;
6;false;programming;/Icons/uml.jpg;UML 2.0 pocker reference;Dan Pilone;
8;false;literature;/Icons/journey.jpg;The Journey - big panda and tiny dragon;James Norbury;